A taste of Greece

Bronze - from $32 per person
Pick 3 Mains
Pick 3 Sides
Pick 2 Salads
Includes pita bread
Bronze package not available for a guest count lower than 50
Silver - from $38 per person
Pick 4 Mains
Pick 3 Sides
Pick 2 Salads
Includes pita bread
Gold - from $46 per person
Pick 4 Mains
Pick 4 Sides
Pick 2 Salads
Includes spreads selection and pita bread
Diamond - from $59 per person
Pick 5 Mains
Pick 4 Sides
Pick 3 Salads
Includes spreads selection, meze platter, and pita bread
Main Options include (specific availability may vary by tier):

Papoutsakia -Classic moussaka in individual hollowed eggplant shells with seasoned ground beef and topped with creamy bechamel
Soutzoukakia -Plump oblong-shaped meatballs are packed with﻿ loads of aromatics and fresh herbs, smothered in a cinnamon wine-enhanced tomato sauce.
Kokinisto - Boneless short rib slowly cooked in cinnamon-scente﻿d tomato sauce.
Kleftiko - (Family style only - upcharge of $5.00 pp)- Boldly seasoned lamb roast that cooks with new potatoes, celery, and carrots, low and slow for 6 hours, in a parchment paper pouch.
Pastitsio Classic baked pasta dish with cinnamon-scented ground meat and creamy béchamel sauce.
Kotopoulo lemonato Aromatic and lemony baked chicken with fresh herbs.
Paidakia ( upcharge of $ 4.00 per person ) These Greek lamb chops are marinated in a mix of olive oil, lemon juice, garlic and oregano and grilled to perfection
Kotsi Arni - Slowly roasted lamb shank with tomato, herbs and robust spices such as cinnamon and clove.
Bifteki Gemisto - Aromatic oven-baked minced beef “burgers”, stuffed with cheese and topped with tomato relish.
Psari Plaki Oven-baked fish fillet topped with fresh tomato slices, o﻿nion, and fresh herbs
Brizola Solomou Grilled salmon steaks with fresh herbs, lemon, and evoo.
Bakaliaros Plaki - Oven-baked Cod fish fillet topped with fresh tomato slices, onion, and fresh herbs
Aginares -Ala Polita - Vegan option - Artichoke hearts braised with potatoes and carrots and finished with a creamy egg-lemon sauce and fresh dill.
Gemista - Vegan Oven-baked stuffed tomatoes and peppers with rice, and fresh﻿ herbs
Side Options include (specific availability may vary by tier):

Lemon Potatoes - Roasted russet potatoes cooked with oregano garlic, evoo and fresh lemon juice
Spanakopita - House made phyllo dough pouches stuffed with spinach, greens, herbs, and feta cheese
Kritharaki- Orzo pasta baked in the oven. A pasta side dish choice with﻿ any main
Fasolakia - Green beans simmered with tomato and fresh herbs
Gigandes Plaki - Oven baked lima beans ﻿in a herbaceous tomato sauce
Tyrokroketes -A blend of three Greek cheeses rolled into delightful tangy balls and coated with sesame seeds
Octapodi -Spanish octopus slowly braised and served simply with lemon juice, EVOO, and fresh oregano. ($7.00pp upcharge for Gold tier)
Dolmades Grape leaves stuffed with rice and fresh herbs
Saganaki Cheese - Cheese is deep fried to make a crispy outside, with a﻿ melty gooey inside. Flambeed tableside! (Family style only- upcharge $2.00 pp)
Greek Rice Pilaf- Long grain rice, with mixed diced vegetables, scented with lemon zest and fresh herbs.
Baked Vegetables- Briam - Thinly sliced vegetable medley, seasoned and baked till lightly charred.
Salad Options include (specific availability may vary by tier):

Salata Horiatiki - A mix of tomatoes, cucumber, onion, green pepper, feta, and olives, dressed with oil and vinegar
Lahanosalata (Greek Coleslaw) -Green﻿ and red shredded cabbage, grated carrots, olive oil and lemon juice
Maroulosalata (Greek Romaine Salad) Shredded romaine lettuce, scallions, a mixed herbs, olive oil, lemon, juice
Patatosalata -Warm p﻿otato salad with sliced red onions, Kalamata olives, parsley and extra virgin olive oil
Dakos Bread Salad- Fresh tomatoes, barley rusks, feta, capers, onion, oregano, and basil.
Garden Salad - Mixed greens, c﻿herry tomatoes, cucumber, red onion and mushrooms with choice of dressing
Tabouli - Chopped pa﻿rsley, cous-cous, tomato, cucumber, mint , red onion and lemon-tahini dressing
Spreads Options (included in Gold and Diamond tiers):

Tzatziki - Yogurt, garlic, cucumber, herbs
Hummus - Chickpea, tahini, lemon
Melitzanosalata - Eggplant, garlic, tahini, cilantro
Spicy Feta - Feta cheese puree with spicy peppers
Taramasalata - Cod roe, potato, extra virgin olive oil
Beet Hummus - Roasted beets, chickpea, garlic, tahini, evoo